# August 27, 2025
I made this, I think i did good
# September 2, 2025
promt: The New Cell Phone Law, opinion?
In my opinion, the cell phone ban seems too "strict". How I use it depends on my work, if i finish my work I'll use it if allowed, if not, I'll not use it. Phone use should be allowed in free time, like lunch or when work is done, or in emergencies. An example of "emergencies" is on August during the first weeks of school when a kid got stabbed, he couldn't call for help as his phone was confiscated and was left there. Phones should be allowed for emergencies or free time as its gone when you really need it. Me personally, nothing feels changed apart from lunch and alerts from my parents, because most of my classes before allowed us to use our phones after work was done, which was mostly at the end of class. I belive the teachers should be allowed to determine phone use, outside of that, phones should be allowed to be used.
# September 8, 2025
Prompt: Describe how computer science could be valuable in a profession you’re interested in.
A career path I'm interested in is animating and I know very well computer science is very important there. Just moving parts alone computer science is very important, as every movement, every frame has to be calculated by you and the computer. Moving stuff through frames isn't all there is however, as special effects, lighting, sound aslo make animating more lively. Animation is a great example of what computer science can do and what it can mke. The beauty of animation is that anyone can do it, from well known examples like disney, sony, and Pixar, to smaller, more indie animations that were done for fun.
# September 15, 2025
Prompt: Presidential AI Challenge use.
A way to use AI for the presidential AI Challenge is to watch the streets better. We can add cameras ontop of traffic lights to monitor speed, responsible driving, and if they pass a red light or not. We can give the AI photos and videos of the right and wrongs of how one should drive. An example can be running a red light, with most being reported for passing but if the AI recognizes the car is an ambulance or police and an emergancy is happening, it will keep track of the event. This idea can help people feel safer on streets as reckless drivers will be punished for their actions. This idea can also be expanded upon by giving plate numbers of criminals to the AI so when the plate number is spotted, the AI can report it to the police. It could be possible to have this idea go in action as all that is needed is a camera, a network, and the trained AI.
# September 22, 2025
Prompt: Do you think working in a virtual store for real money is a good idea or a bad idea for the future of jobs? Why?
I belive that working in a game for real money is a horrible idea. It's bad because of the platform, the experience, and the reward. In recent events, controvesy has been stiring, giving a bad reputation to roblox and anyone associated with them. Secondly, what will people learn from working in roblox ikea. All it will be is sitiing, moving virtually, and earning money, and while they will learn how it will be working in ikea, what will they have now if they don't get accepted. Lastly, it's a game that will give you money, there's gonna people who will abuse this. People will find ways to get money and barely do anything, get more money by doing the same work, or even worse, get money from stealing from the game or stealing it from players through private information, like their bank details. Working in a game will be horrible if its given to the wrong people, which is most people on roblox that know they can cheat their way into betting money.
# September 30, 2025
Prompt: in 67 words, write about the phrase "6 7" and its repeated use in school.
The phrase "6 7" came from the minds of the melted. From a kid in a basketball game, it became popular as it was another "funny thing" at a time of brainrot and stupidity. It became popular in social media, making it popular quickly and everywhere. It's only said because of popularity, not because it is funny. In reality, it's unfunny. It pains me writing all this.
